1. The most challenging function was getCString function. This function was particularly challenging to me because I had barely any knowledge about character strings and by doing this function, I was able to explore the character string topic into much deeper depths. The challenges I faced was assigning each string by getting the input from the user. I was unable to get an input from the user and then I solved the this problem by calling a clearStandardInputBuffer() function after each scanf to accept values from the user. The other problem that I faced with this function was when I was assigning the correct values from the user to the pointer. When I was doing so, I had initialized a for loop to assign each variable to the pointer, but the condition that I had initialized was one leaser that the original size of the array and hence I was unable to assign the values properly. After solving this arithmetical error, I was able to test my program successfully and was able to get the desired output.


2. The header functions played a major part in coding because I was able to call the various header functions that I had created in different modules of my program. In doing so I was able to make my code much easier to read and much simpler. I was able to reuse most of my functions in different modules and hence I was able to understand each of my code in a much better way. The library will make my code easier to maintain because the functions and the structures that I have created will remain in the library itself and when I must use them, I only must call them. Moreover, if any changes are required any of the function definitions or structures, I can easily identify them as I can go to the header file that they are created and make the necessary changes. 


3. The C programming language enables us to create new data types because it enables us to create records of a particular unit or a structure. The advantage is that if we must modify, create or delete a record it is much easier to identify and must be simpler to create a change. No, there are no limitations in construction of a new data type in a structure. In fact, we can create n number of data type in a structure.
